My name is Hamz Al-Kurd, displaced from the north from the
mountains. I mean, I had a factory
about 300 meters wide. The factory, of course, means trap. It
means before the war. It is simple. I mean, understand how we opened a
project that was a plastics teacher and we worked in it.
I worked in it alone. I was working in it alone, so the
war broke out and we left it behind us.  We walked and you were
surprised to find yourself today on your travels as a
tea seller in Al-Aqsa Hospital. Okay. This is something that was not there.
Imagine in your brain that you suddenly find yourself selling
tea. Today, there is no shade factory, no window shade, no
shade of a house, no shade of anything. Our house is close to the
wire, meaning it is far away. Say  Two or three
kilos,
no less than a kilo on the wire. We fled to the
Jabaliya camp. We sat on the basis that it meant
four days, five days of war. So I understood how
we would spend it, and then we would return like every war, I mean, like every
time. Then we were surprised to see that I saw leaflets telling you to vacate the
south. I was on my mind.  I go to Khan Younis,
okay, but whoever was a relative, I was in the hospital
last week. I wake up in the morning, at 6 o’clock,
or sometimes at the morning call to prayer. I wake up every
day and get ready. I go and get water from the tap, and
I come here and I wash my things. I prepare my things, and I
start the fire. What should I sell for tea?  It's like the
same pain in the morning. This is the same. This is
nice water for tea
and coffee. Sweet. I mean, this is
after a while.
Sometimes we find it at the tap, and sometimes
we find it at all. I swear, I swear I'm planning to go from
anywhere, but this place is a little easy. I mean, we can
get to a distance that's close to us. As for a place, I'm far away.
We bring water, I swear, and things are not like that,
thank God